{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Liability
\b0  is a game of wealth building! The goal is to control as much wealth on the board as possible. You win when all other players go bankrupt or by controlling the most wealth by the end of the game.\
\

\b Playing Liability:
\b0 \
\
Starting the Game:\
\
To begin the game, each player starts with $100,000 dollars, an income of $5000 per turn, and a credit score of 7.\
\
Then each player makes a roll. From highest to lowest roll, each player places her game piece on the board on any hex she likes. (You will not be able to purchase the square you start in on the first turn.)\
\
After all players have placed their peices, the game begins.\
\
All players take their turn simultaneously.\
\
On your turn you will:\
\

\b (Income Phase)
\b0 \
The player will recieve their income. (See income rules)\
\

\b (Draw Phase)
\b0 \
Draw from one of the three Gamble Decks:\
	1. Green - Low Risk\
	2. Yellow - Medium Risk\
	3. Red - High Risk\
\
The Gamble card takes effect immediately.\
\

\b (Building/Sell Phase)
\b0 \
During this phase a player can purchase or upgrade any eligible structures on hexes he owns. (See building rules) A player can also list any hexes he owns for sale. (See sale rules)\
\

\b (Movement/Purchase Phase)
\b0 \
Roll movement.\
A player must move the number of hexes rolled. She may not purchase or upgrade structures during this phase.\
\
A player pays the travel cost for each edge she travels through. Each hex has a unique multiplier M for each plyaer that increases the travel cost by a Factor of M for that specific player. Each time a hex is visited by that player, M increases by a factor of 2. For each turn a hex is not visited M decreases by 1 down to a minimum of 1.\
\
After a player has moved their entire roll, if the hex they land on is owned by a player (even themselves!) they pay the occupation cost. If the hex is not owned, they have the option of purchasing it. If two or more players attempt to purchase the same hex, a bidding war will ensue. (See bidding war rules)\
\
\
\

\b Sale Rules:
\b0 \
A player places a hex for sale at a specified price. The sale will be listed on the "For Sale" Real Estate Guide. Players can purchase it by landing on it.\
\
\

\b \
Building Rules:
\b0 \
Each hex has 4 building slots. Each slot my contain any of the following:\
\
Residential District: +25% Wealth Value\
Commercial District: +25% Travel cost on all edges\
Industrial District: +25% Income Value\
Resort District: +25% Occupation cost\
\
All structures require building permits! A building permit cost $1000 and building the structure costs $1,000,000. If you choose to build the structure without a permit it will only cost $500,000 to build. Sounds great right!? Don't get caught! If a player lands on your hex they can search public records for your permits. If they believe you do not have a building permit for one or more of you structures they can report you! If you are missing a permit you will have to pay a $200,000 fine plus $500,000 to get your building up to code. If you can't come up with the $700,000 your entire hex will be foreclosed (you lose the hex!), unpermited improvements will be removed, and the hex will be available for purchase to any player who lands on it.\
\
\
\

\b Bidding War Rules:
\b0 \
Each player specifies their maximum amount they are willing to pay for the hex they wish to purchase. The highest bidder will pay $1 above the next highest bidder (No less than the original price of the hex).\
\
}